nrf_modem: v2.1.0 (#783)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: nrf_modem/doc/CHANGELOG.rst

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

nrf_modem 2.1.0
***************

* Major improvements to modem tracing.
  The application can now obtain trace data using the newly introduced :c:func:`nrf_modem_trace_get` function.
  Traces can be processed as necessary, and freed using the :c:func:`nrf_modem_trace_processed` function.
  The following functions have been removed from the OS glue:
    * :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_trace_put`
    * :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_trace_alloc`
    * :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_trace_free`
    * :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_trace_irq_set`
    * :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_trace_irq_clear`
    * :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_trace_irq_enable`
    * :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_trace_irq_disable`
  The following functions have been removed from the :c:file:`nrf_modem.h` file:
    * :c:func:`nrf_modem_trace_irq_handler`
    * :c:func:`nrf_modem_trace_processed_callback`
* Improvements to AT filters.
  AT filters now apply to the formatted AT command.
  The :c:member:`paused` is added to the :c:type:`nrf_modem_at_cmd_filter` structure to pause filters whenever required.
* Added support for modem's POFWARN related errors.

> * When called with ``NRF_MSG_WAITALL``, :c:func:`nrf_recv` will now return the number of bytes received so far in case the socket is closed, or when the TCP connection is terminated by the remote peer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When called with ``NRF_MSG_WAITALL``, the :c:func:`nrf_recv` function now returns the number of bytes received so far in case the socket is closed, or when the TCP connection is terminated by the remote peer.
```

Author: Ok

* Fixed a bug where closing a (D)TLS socket during the TLS handshake could make further calls to :c:func:`nrf_connect` fail.
* Fixed a bug where the :c:func:`nrf_send` function could return an error without setting an errno.

> * Fixed a few instances of incorrect return values from :c:func:`nrf_getaddrinfo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a few instances of incorrect return values from the :c:func:`nrf_getaddrinfo` function.
```

* Removed the :c:type:`nrf_socket_family_t` type.

> * Removed unimplemented ``NRF_SO_SEC_CIPHER_IN_USE`` socket option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the unimplemented ``NRF_SO_SEC_CIPHER_IN_USE`` socket option.
```

Author: Ok

    * :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_trace_put`
    * :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_trace_alloc`
    * :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_trace_free`
    * :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_trace_irq_set`
    * :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_trace_irq_clear`
    * :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_trace_irq_enable`
    * :c:func:`nrf_modem_os_trace_irq_disable`

  The following functions have been removed from the :file:`nrf_modem.h` file:

    * :c:func:`nrf_modem_trace_irq_handler`
    * :c:func:`nrf_modem_trace_processed_callback`

* Improvements to AT filters.
  AT filters now apply to the formatted AT command.
  The :c:member:`paused` is added to the :c:type:`nrf_modem_at_cmd_filter` structure to pause filters whenever required.
* Added support for modem's POFWARN related errors.
* Fixed a bug where closing a (D)TLS socket during the TLS handshake could make further calls to :c:func:`nrf_connect` fail.
* Fixed a bug where the :c:func:`nrf_send` function could return an error without setting an errno.
* When called with ``NRF_MSG_WAITALL``, the :c:func:`nrf_recv` function now returns the number of bytes received so far in case the socket is closed, or when the TCP connection is terminated by the remote peer.

> * Fixed a rare bug where the :c:func:`nrf_recv` function on a ``NRF_SOCK_STREAM`` socket would incorrectly return 0 even though more bytes were available to read.
> * Fixed a rare bug where the :c:func:`nrf_recv` function would crash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where, in rare cases, the :c:func:`nrf_recv` function on a ``NRF_SOCK_STREAM`` socket incorrectly returned ``0`` even though more bytes were available to read.
* Fixed a bug where, in rare cases, the :c:func:`nrf_recv` function would crash.
```
As 0 is a parameter value, it needs to be in backticks.

Author: Thanks
